The idea is to have MessageProcessing class check and process fundamental message rules.

The Messages input, is a string of keyword=value # separator.

The Transaction class would be a family of Transactions. The generic transaction just a parent for 
the actual classes, Transaction Sale, Transaction Adjustment. The class Transaction Single sale 
is a specific class to indicate the sale without the qty specified and is a child of Transaction Sale
with one less parameter specified.

When an adjustment is entered, the original sales transaction is copied into a history list of the sales transaction
values are updated in the main entry. Along with the historical transaction, a link to the adjustment
action is kept for reporting purposes.

MessageTypes acts as an mapping between the Message class and Transaction class, returning a specific
transaction class depending on the message received. This is to allow the correct class procedure to 
be called.

The message processing from an external source, is currently in the Main loop, which will currently
retrieve a message from stdin and pass it on to the MessageProcess class then onto the SalesRecord class.

The SalesRecords object is holding the Transactions (in this case only the sale types) as a linked list.
At this present time it is a linked list for the s

The transaction Adjustment class currently handles Subtraction, Multiplication and Addition. 
It currently does not handle other types such as percentage changes etc, but can easily be expanded to. 

ProductList and Product, the definition of the products is stored here. It is a fixed list, but it is assumed
that some sort of common list is required for the this application and external application. However
if this assumption is incorrect then this could be removed and the program continue to work using
int or text as the product type without limitations.

Logging is currently a class but is all to stdout for this exercise.

Adjustments and Multiple sales were deliberately kept in single transactions to mirror what was received.

